tell me something why is it so hard for
you to kill this man he knew every move
of mine before I made it
I have them right there take the shot
and he'd be gone like a ghost do you
really wanna live
[Music]
who is he
I think I know why as good as you
he is you twenty five years ago they
made you from me they chose me because
there's never been anybody like me we
have to end this right now
you have all of his gifts without his
pain
you've made a person out of another
person
then you sent me to kill him
we made a choice to do this to me
this thing that you are struggling with
it's fear
embrace them and then overcome it
of all the people in the world to come
after me why would he send you
I see trees of green
roses too I see them bloom
father
and I think to myself
what I wonder
the colors of the rain
so pretty in the sky are also on the
faces I see
[Music]
listen kid I know this much if your dad
was here
[Music]
he would hug you so hard your bones with
Papa
[Music]
[Applause]
I think to my
what I wonderful
[Music]
we are a rumor recognizable only as deja
vu and dismissed just as quickly we are
the best kept secret in the universe
I know I want in you erased my parents
memories but you didn't get mine took me
20 years to find you how many people can
say that I found you
which makes me perfect for this job in
London
how did you
welcome
you will be with Asian Paints MIB you
could really ask um fYI your little Club
here sucks
well it's not gonna save itself I'm
driving that really should be here Joey
I thought that we were here we are wait
are you a queen indeed she is I pledge
loyalty eternal to you no no I'm not
interested too late I already pledged
the loyalty I wish you'd said no no no
before thank you we've never faced a
threat like the hive they can take the
form but anyone else I haven't seen that
before
our own agents do we have a plan
sometimes you have to trust your gut
men and black has been compromised on
trust no one
and that means everyone and everything
on yeah we love a man in black
the men and women in black yeah
perfectly good are you suggesting that
we try the most powerful weapon in the
galaxy for fun do it press the button
turn it up that's you boyhood dreams got
no place in a man's life you need to
castrate don't get an employee
forget about football when I was young
it was hard to see a way out
football gave me an option by the time I
was 16 I had the attention so what
happened why don't you play anymore
Brian banks was 16 years old when he was
accused of a crime he did not commit
he lost 11 years a scholarship he was
prevented from playing football the
system is broken we have 10 months to
clear his name if in that time they do
not overturn your conviction he'll be a
prisoner again I need something big
something extraordinary ordinary now I'm
still here yeah I've been locked up they
nearly killed me
how did you survive it almost did but a
man who showed me a different way all
you can control in life is how you
respond to life I know what I haven't do
now
[Music]
you think you're getting on a shot at
the NFL trust me we got a plan
I am innocent in the truth Madison I
nobody system doesn't care about me
but you didn't deserve what happen to
you Brian's gonna run out of time I'll
tell you what's extraordinary I am
[Music]
we're not nice women we're con artists
we take money for small-minded men he's
the mark he's a tech millionaire if this
person were just screwed over
would you mind sir sir sir boss min says
balance is a terrible shot I'm having a
bit of a on my first man oh when I
posted this I look forward to working
with you if you touch my arm I'm someone
people go through like great lengths not
to touch
bringing someone like Fred onto the team
goes a little reckless he's a journalist
who's exposed to some bad stuff miss you
his name is Fred Flores key the
recording is the whole time I really try
to not make you risk the global
humiliation oh you're backless wasn't
expecting that like go viral we found a
lot of interesting stuff for me backed
into his webcam
Oh God
nobody's on it my mother found it on
Facebook
my name is Carson Phillips I'm a
Hollywood pi2 I like to drink smoke gam
one of the big dogs left we live in a
world that's full of risk I don't I
never lose Carson a lot has happened
since I left Texas you did well
looks can be deceiving how can I help
you
I'd like to hire him my daughter's a
scorned why this is the first place
they'll come looking so what happened
after he died you and I both know she
had nothing to do with Happy's death
happies murder
[Music]
was it the hit that killed him breaking
those people just disappear here
take care of that little problem loss
doc own to everything and everybody they
can undo a lot of business just about
making noise did have to do drugs
hippies drug was rose it's been
blatantly cheating on all over town like
this his last warning your move
[Music]
just tell me the truth dr. Tolin bro
okay
long way
I can
bad place Carson far worse than you can
imagine
[Music]
as a man like me in every town we're all
alike
samba just better lucky Batman
[Music]
your father died protecting this city he
taught you to follow your conscience in
an often cruel world would happen worst
day of eighteen years how many cops case
why would I hear they responded to a
robbery
automatic weapons to shooters we have
training Oh what were you when your
father's captain Kate I asked for you
for a reason I will find them
we just kill cops either one you got to
move fast
cosmatos plates are stolen we will catch
these guys in the next three or four
hours they vanished are you gonna do
this
close the I got 21 bridges in and out of
Manhattan shut them down Three Rivers
closed four tunnels blocking stop every
train and loop the subways then we flood
the island below another this may sense
the bid was for 30 Keys we walked into
they'll have to work with Manhattan by
morning eight dead policeman is one
thing but the stock market losing
billions of dollars is quite another
this whole thing is filthy
you know me you've got to be the move to
be hundred killers of cocaine what's
going on here
I just need the truth that's all I told
me you were feeling the guy who kills
cop killers
seasons dead and every copy dies
the culture is not
[Music]
waste away oh they're not gonna scape
decided the only cop tinnitus peace
person shooter
I will find out why tonight happy
repetition
try to represent
you
[Music]
pebbles oxidation it's an angel
this is Allah Almighty
[Music]
anymore
if you love to meet you so if a new
really comes a process how you kidding
to be like they may be trying you to use
EMU hello baby
[Music]
Rafaela by choosing family doesn't your
own to go china doll
dario regional data light who you call
yet you look like a great comfort insula
[Music]
Caesar
una econ I say a check-up a I said
you can't go title
- fidelity as how there's a bitchin man
the og don't happen here cat food
[Music]
it's a volatile he had me take know so
city love it
[Music]
you really want this place Dutch I do
welcome to foxglove I'm Charlie Peck
this video is beautiful it's the only
house I ever live done nice-looking
family we always had a lot of love here
this house is yours though we'll take
good care of her
have a good time in Florida buddy you're
not gonna believe this Charlie is
outside cutting the grass what did you
just get this out of the garage that's
right keep it something is really off
with that guy
Scott oh it's not your house
Charlie's quite a guy you know is why
I've died in that house do you think
that's blood your days of dropping by
are over it saw her say goodbye he's
watching this guy is dangerous
in Italian today
the intruder pg-13 what we are
witnessing here is the return of Titans
[Music]
how many these things are there 17 and
Counting that musta
[Music]
Mott road then j'adore out
they're moving like a pack they're
hunting they all respond directly to an
alpha
we stop this Ghidorah we stop them all
is there another creature that might
stand a chance against him
[Music]
our planet will perish
so a week unless we set Godzilla free
[Applause]
[Music]
oh yeah sure let's bring him in for a
beer no this time we join the fight
run
[Music]
mrs. guys in his world we just live in
it damn right
[Music]